Add access logs steps (#30334)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/storage-monitoring-setup.md

   - Source bucket: The S3 bucket you want to monitor with Storage Monitoring
   - Destination bucket: Used to store inventory reports (one per AWS region, can be reused)

6. Complete the inventory configuration. The inventory generation process will start within AWS within 24 hours of the first report.

> 7. **Enable S3 Access Logs for prefix level request and latency metrics:** To get prefix-level access metrics including request counts, server side latency, and cold data identification for cost optimization, follow these additional steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. **Enable S3 Access Logs for prefix level request and latency metrics**: To get prefix-level access metrics including request counts, server side latency, and cold data identification for cost optimization, follow these additional steps:
```

   1. **Set up the Datadog Lambda Forwarder** (if not already configured):
      - Follow the [Datadog Forwarder installation instructions][503] to deploy the Datadog Lambda function in your AWS account

>       - This Lambda function will collect and forward your S3 access logs to Datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - This Lambda function collects and forwards your S3 access logs to Datadog
```

   2. **Configure S3 Access Logs** for each source bucket:
      - Go to your S3 bucket properties in the AWS Console
      - Navigate to **Server access logging**

>       - Enable logging and specify your destination bucket (same bucket as inventory destination for simplicity)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Enable logging and specify your destination bucket (for simplicity, you can use the destination bucket for your inventory files)
```

      - Set the target prefix to `access-logs/` to organize log files separately from inventory data

   3. **Set up the Lambda trigger**:

      **Option A: Automatic (Recommended)**
        - In the Datadog AWS integration page, navigate to the **[Log Collection][504]** tab
        - Enable automatic log collection for S3 by checking the S3 Access Logs checkbox

>         - Datadog will [automatically configure triggers][505] on your Forwarder Lambda function for S3 access logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Datadog [automatically configures triggers][505] on your Forwarder Lambda function for S3 access logs
```

       **Option B: Manual**
        - In the AWS console, go to your Datadog Forwarder Lambda function
        - Click **Add trigger** and select **S3**
        - Select the bucket containing your access logs
        - Set the event type to **All object create events**
        - Set the prefix to `access-logs/` (matching your access log prefix)

> 8. Return to **Infrastructure > Storage Monitoring** to see your bucket(s) appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Return to **Infrastructure > Storage Monitoring** to see any new buckets.
```
